[static-stdlib] NFC: Generalize the static-executable-args.lnk file generation (#66759)
apple/swift: stdlib/public/runtime/CMakeLists.txt

list(APPEND swift_runtime_library_compile_flags -DswiftCore_EXPORTS)
list(APPEND swift_runtime_library_compile_flags -I${SWIFT_SOURCE_DIR}/stdlib/include/llvm/Support -I${SWIFT_SOURCE_DIR}/include)

if(SWIFT_BUILD_STATIC_STDLIB)
  set(static_binary_lnk_file_list)

  foreach(sdk ${SWIFT_SDKS})
    if(NOT "${sdk}" STREQUAL "LINUX")
      continue()
    endif()

    string(TOLOWER "${sdk}" lowercase_sdk)
    set(static_binary_lnk_src "${SWIFT_SOURCE_DIR}/stdlib/public/Resources/${lowercase_sdk}/static-executable-args.lnk")

>     # Generate the static-executable-args.lnk file used for ELF systems (eg linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Generate the static-executable-args.lnk file used for ELF (e.g. Linux) and Wasm systems
```
